Add ADOPTERS.md file to capture all known users of Crossplane (#3676)
crossplane/crossplane: ADOPTERS.md

# Adopters

This list captures the set of organizations that are using Crossplane within their environments. If
you are an adopter of Crossplane and not yet on this list, we encourage you to add your organization
here as well!

The goal for this list is to be the complete and authoritative source for the entire community of
Crossplane adopters, and give inspiration to others that are earlier in their Crossplane journey.

> Contributing to this list is a small effort that has a **big impact** to the projects growth,

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
Contributing to this list is a small effort that has a **big impact** to the project’s growth,
```

Author: ah thanks for those eyes! 👀 make this correction

maturity, and momentum.  Thank you to all adopters and contributors of the Crossplane project!

## Updating this list

To add your organization to this list, you can choose any of the following options:

1. [Open a PR](https://github.com/crossplane/crossplane/pulls) to directly update this list, or
   [edit this file](https://github.com/crossplane/crossplane/edit/master/ADOPTERS.md) directly in
   Github
1. Fill out the [adopters form](https://forms.gle/dBQhiyYkYSdzXovN6)

> 1. Send an email to <jared@upbound.io> with your information

Reviewer 2: Maybe it would help to specify what information is required?

Reviewer 3: Do we have a steering committee mailing list? Just thinking about bus-factor here.

Author: good points @Piotr1215 and @negz - i updated to be explicit about providing the information in the format of the table below, and we're not using the steering committee email list that I had forgotten about :)
